sw instructions to be tested.
sw_1
Test MIPS Bus CPU using test-case sw_1
  1 - Compiling test-bench
rtl/mips_cpu/alu.v rtl/mips_cpu/alu_ctrl.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_cond.v rtl/mips_cpu/control.v rtl/mips_cpu/data_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/destination_reg_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/immdt_extender.v rtl/mips_cpu/instr_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/jump_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/mux_32bit.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_adder.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_address_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_hi.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_lo.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/register_file.v rtl/mips_cpu/target_addr_holder.v rtl/mips_cpu/writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu_bus.v
  2 - Running test-bench
  3 - Extracting result of OUT instructions
  4 - Comparing output
sw_2
Test MIPS Bus CPU using test-case sw_2
  1 - Compiling test-bench
rtl/mips_cpu/alu.v rtl/mips_cpu/alu_ctrl.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_cond.v rtl/mips_cpu/control.v rtl/mips_cpu/data_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/destination_reg_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/immdt_extender.v rtl/mips_cpu/instr_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/jump_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/mux_32bit.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_adder.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_address_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_hi.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_lo.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/register_file.v rtl/mips_cpu/target_addr_holder.v rtl/mips_cpu/writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu_bus.v
  2 - Running test-bench
  3 - Extracting result of OUT instructions
  4 - Comparing output
sw_3
Test MIPS Bus CPU using test-case sw_3
  1 - Compiling test-bench
rtl/mips_cpu/alu.v rtl/mips_cpu/alu_ctrl.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_cond.v rtl/mips_cpu/control.v rtl/mips_cpu/data_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/destination_reg_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/immdt_extender.v rtl/mips_cpu/instr_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/jump_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/mux_32bit.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_adder.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_address_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_hi.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_lo.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/register_file.v rtl/mips_cpu/target_addr_holder.v rtl/mips_cpu/writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu_bus.v
  2 - Running test-bench
  3 - Extracting result of OUT instructions
  4 - Comparing output
sw_4
Test MIPS Bus CPU using test-case sw_4
  1 - Compiling test-bench
rtl/mips_cpu/alu.v rtl/mips_cpu/alu_ctrl.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_cond.v rtl/mips_cpu/control.v rtl/mips_cpu/data_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/destination_reg_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/immdt_extender.v rtl/mips_cpu/instr_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/jump_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/mux_32bit.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_adder.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_address_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_hi.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_lo.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/register_file.v rtl/mips_cpu/target_addr_holder.v rtl/mips_cpu/writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu_bus.v
  2 - Running test-bench
  3 - Extracting result of OUT instructions
  4 - Comparing output
sw_5
Test MIPS Bus CPU using test-case sw_5
  1 - Compiling test-bench
rtl/mips_cpu/alu.v rtl/mips_cpu/alu_ctrl.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_cond.v rtl/mips_cpu/control.v rtl/mips_cpu/data_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/destination_reg_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/immdt_extender.v rtl/mips_cpu/instr_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/jump_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/mux_32bit.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_adder.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_address_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_hi.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_lo.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/register_file.v rtl/mips_cpu/target_addr_holder.v rtl/mips_cpu/writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu_bus.v
  2 - Running test-bench
  3 - Extracting result of OUT instructions
  4 - Comparing output
sw_addr0halt
Test MIPS Bus CPU using test-case sw_addr0halt
  1 - Compiling test-bench
rtl/mips_cpu/alu.v rtl/mips_cpu/alu_ctrl.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_cond.v rtl/mips_cpu/control.v rtl/mips_cpu/data_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/destination_reg_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/immdt_extender.v rtl/mips_cpu/instr_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/jump_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/mux_32bit.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_adder.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_address_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_hi.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_lo.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/register_file.v rtl/mips_cpu/target_addr_holder.v rtl/mips_cpu/writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu_bus.v
  2 - Running test-bench
  3 - Extracting result of OUT instructions
  4 - Comparing output
sw_edge
Test MIPS Bus CPU using test-case sw_edge
  1 - Compiling test-bench
rtl/mips_cpu/alu.v rtl/mips_cpu/alu_ctrl.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_cond.v rtl/mips_cpu/control.v rtl/mips_cpu/data_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/destination_reg_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/immdt_extender.v rtl/mips_cpu/instr_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/jump_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/mux_32bit.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_adder.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_address_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_hi.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_lo.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/register_file.v rtl/mips_cpu/target_addr_holder.v rtl/mips_cpu/writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu_bus.v
  2 - Running test-bench
  3 - Extracting result of OUT instructions
  4 - Comparing output
sw_sanity_1
Test MIPS Bus CPU using test-case sw_sanity_1
  1 - Compiling test-bench
rtl/mips_cpu/alu.v rtl/mips_cpu/alu_ctrl.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_cond.v rtl/mips_cpu/control.v rtl/mips_cpu/data_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/destination_reg_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/immdt_extender.v rtl/mips_cpu/instr_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/jump_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/mux_32bit.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_adder.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_address_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_hi.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_lo.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/register_file.v rtl/mips_cpu/target_addr_holder.v rtl/mips_cpu/writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu_bus.v
  2 - Running test-bench
  3 - Extracting result of OUT instructions
  4 - Comparing output
sw_sanity_2
Test MIPS Bus CPU using test-case sw_sanity_2
  1 - Compiling test-bench
rtl/mips_cpu/alu.v rtl/mips_cpu/alu_ctrl.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_cond.v rtl/mips_cpu/control.v rtl/mips_cpu/data_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/destination_reg_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/immdt_extender.v rtl/mips_cpu/instr_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/jump_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/mux_32bit.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_adder.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_address_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_hi.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_lo.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/register_file.v rtl/mips_cpu/target_addr_holder.v rtl/mips_cpu/writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu_bus.v
  2 - Running test-bench
  3 - Extracting result of OUT instructions
  4 - Comparing output
sw_sanity_3
Test MIPS Bus CPU using test-case sw_sanity_3
  1 - Compiling test-bench
rtl/mips_cpu/alu.v rtl/mips_cpu/alu_ctrl.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/branch_cond.v rtl/mips_cpu/control.v rtl/mips_cpu/data_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/destination_reg_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/immdt_extender.v rtl/mips_cpu/instr_register.v rtl/mips_cpu/jump_addressor.v rtl/mips_cpu/mux_32bit.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_adder.v rtl/mips_cpu/pc_address_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_hi.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_lo.v rtl/mips_cpu/reg_writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu/register_file.v rtl/mips_cpu/target_addr_holder.v rtl/mips_cpu/writedata_selector.v rtl/mips_cpu_bus.v
  2 - Running test-bench
  3 - Extracting result of OUT instructions
  4 - Comparing output
Number of Passes = 9 out of 10
